>> Kyle Simpson: Let's see
the contents of our database.
So let's make one final addition
to this exercise, that if
we have successfully inserted, let's get
all the records out of the database.
So we're gonna say,
records = await getAllRecords.
>> Kyle Simpson: And then, if we've
received those records, if (records &&
records.length > 0, that means
there are records in the database.
Then we wanna go ahead and
print out that array.
So that's when we're
gonna use console.table,
which prints out a nice prettified
version of our two dimensional array.
So we need to implement
the getAll records function.
>> Kyle Simpson: We're gonna
do a join select here, so
I'm gonna say result = SQL3,
and this time we're gonna call
.all because we can get multiple
records back instead of just one.
.all is gonna give us
back an array of records.
>> Kyle Simpson: I need an await there.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
I'm gonna do a SELECT and
I'm gonna select the Other.data AS
'other', and I'm gonna select
Something.data AS 'something'.
>> Kyle Simpson: FROM, and
I'll select from the something table.
JOIN with Other ON,
>> Kyle Simpson: We want Something.otherID
= Other.id.
That's how we join.
And then for good measure I'm gonna go
ahead and do an order by clause here.
I'm gonna ORDER BY, and let's see,
I wanna ORDER BY Something,
no, ORDER BY Other.id DESC.
So I want the newest other values first,
and
then within that group we'll
order by Something.data ASC.
>> Kyle Simpson: We don't need to pass
in any values to be interpolated,
so if (result && result.length >
0),
>> Kyle Simpson: Then return the result.
If I wrote my SQL correctly,
which about half the time I write
SQL correctly,
then we should be able to call this again.
And now calling it
the third time there should
be three records that we've
inserted in the database.
Ut-oh, I forgot to make
it an async fraction.
>> Kyle Simpson: It'll be a win if I
didn't make a SQL mistake in the entire
exercise.
There we go.
All right, so
we have three different values in there.
Let’s give it a different other,
we give it world.
>> Kyle Simpson: And
it seems to be working.
I guess the last thing for good measure
is that we should be returning here so
that we don’t end up printing
out that oops message.
>> Kyle Simpson: All right, so now we’re
able to save data to a database and
retrieve it from a database.
So the question is in get all
records I'm not returning anything,
if this fails to get us anything or
if it gave us an empty array.
If we come up here,
I'm only in my if statement.
I'm only gonna do console.table if we
got an actual array that was non empty,
otherwise we fall through to that oops.
So I think we only need to return
an array if it's non empty.
>> Kyle Simpson: Something would
have had to have gone wrong for
us to get to this point.
We thought we inserted some
stuff to get to this point and
still have an empty array.
Something definitely more
drastic has gone wrong, so.